Add OTLP authentication section to ./java/sdk.md (#5866)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/java/sdk.md

io.opentelemetry.sdk.trace.export.BatchSpanProcessor = io.opentelemetry.extension.logging.IgnoreExportErrorsFilter
```

### OTLP exporters

> The [span exporter](#spanexporter), [metric exporter](#metricexporter), and
> [log exporter](#logrecordexporter) discuss OTLP exporters of the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [span exporter](#spanexporter), [metric exporter](#metricexporter), and
[log exporter](#logrecordexporter) sections describe OTLP exporters of the form:
```

> - `OtlpGrpc{Signal}Exporter`s export data via OTLP `grpc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OtlpGrpc{Signal}Exporter`, which export data via OTLP `grpc`
```

(If you agree with this change, please make the corresponding change to the previous line (which I can't seem to edit via the web i/f).

The exporters for all signals are available via
`io.opentelemetry:opentelemetry-exporter-otlp:{{% param vers.otel %}}`, and have
significant overlap across `grpc` and `http/protobuf` versions of the OTLP

> protocol, and between signals. The following sections elaborate on certain key
> concepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocol, and between signals. The following sections elaborate on these key
concepts:
```

> - [Senders](#senders): The sender abstraction allows for a different HTTP / gRPC
>   client libraries, catering to various use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Senders](#senders): an abstraction for different HTTP / gRPC
  client libraries.
```

> - [Authentication](#authentication): Discusses authentication options for OTLP
>   exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Authentication](#authentication) options for OTLP exporters.
```

you must also add a dependency on a
[gRPC transport implementations](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java#transport).

#### Authentication

The OTLP exporters provide mechanisms for static and dynamic header-based
authentication, and for mTLS.

If using
[zero-code SDK autoconfigure](../configuration/#zero-code-sdk-autoconfigure)

> with environment variables and system properties, see
> [relevant properties](../configuration/#properties-exporters):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with environment variables and [relevant system properties](../configuration/#properties-exporters):
```
